Known Amendments updates for 1.9.x (#1409)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/consensus-network/amendments/known-amendments.md

Provides "suspended payments" for XRP for escrow within the XRP Ledger, including support for [Interledger Protocol Crypto-Conditions](https://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-thomas-crypto-conditions-02). Creates a new ledger object type for suspended payments and new transaction types to create, execute, and cancel suspended payments.

## ExpandedSignerList
[ExpandedSignerList]: #expandedsignerlist

| Amendment | ExpandedSignerList |
|:----------|:-----------|
| Amendment ID | B2A4DB846F0891BF2C76AB2F2ACC8F5B4EC64437135C6E56F3F859DE5FFD5856 |
| Status | Open for Voting |
| Default Vote (Latest stable release) | No |
| Pre-amendment functionality retired? | No |

> This amendment expands the maximum signer list size allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This amendment expands the maximum signer list size and allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).
```

> This amendment expands the maximum signer list size allows each signer to have optional data associated with it. The additional data can be used to identify the signer, which may be useful for smart contracts, or for identifying who controls a key in a large organization: for example, you could store an IPv6 address or the identifier of a Hardware Security Module (HSM).

Reviewer 2: ... maximum signer list size __and__ allows ...?

> Without this amendment, the maximum signer list size is 8 signers, and each signer has exactly two fields, `Account` and `SignerWeight`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this amendment, the maximum signer list size is 8 entries, and each entry has exactly two fields, `Account` and `SignerWeight`.
```
align with use of "entries" in following sentence

> With this amendment, the maximum [SignerList object][] size is 32 entries. Additionally, each `SignerEntry` object can contain an optional 256-bit `WalletLocator` field containing arbitrary data. This amendment changes the [SignerListSet transaction][] accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this amendment, the maximum [SignerList object][] size is 32 entries. Additionally, each `SignerEntry` object can contain an optional 256-bit (32-byte) `WalletLocator` field containing arbitrary data. This amendment changes the [SignerListSet transaction][] accordingly.
```

Would it be useful to also link to the PR? https://github.com/ripple/rippled/pull/4097

With this amendment enabled, a SetRegularKey transaction cannot set the regular key to match the master key; such a transaction results in the transaction code `temBAD_REGKEY`. Additionally, this amendment changes the signature verification code so that accounts which _already_ have their regular key set to match their master key can send transactions successfully using the key pair.

## fixNFTokenDirV1
[fixNFTokenDirV1]: #fixnftokendirv1

| Amendment | fixNFTokenDirV1 |
|:----------|:-----------|
| Amendment ID | 0285B7E5E08E1A8E4C15636F0591D87F73CB6A7B6452A932AD72BBC8E5D1CBE3 |
| Status | Open for Voting |
| Default Vote (Latest stable release) | No |
| Pre-amendment functionality retired? | No |

> This amendment fixes an off-by-one error that occurred in some corner cases when determining which `NFTokenPage` an `NFToken` object belongs on. It also adjusts the constraints of `NFTokenPage` invariant checks, so that certain error cases fail with a suitable error code such as `tecNO_SUITABLE_TOKEN_PAGE` instead of failing with a `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` error code.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence is not quite right.  Perhaps something like this?

This amendment fixes errors that occurred in some corner cases when determining which `NFTokenPage` an `NFToken` object belongs on. Prior to the fix the errors would cause  a `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` error code.  With the fixes either no error occurs, or a more suitable error code is generated such as `tecNO_SUITABLE_TOKEN_PAGE`.  The invariant checking for `NFTokenPage` is also expanded yet further to cover more possible error conditions.

Implements a "Negative UNL" system, where the network can track which validators are temporarily offline and disregard those validators for quorum calculations. This can improve the ability of the network to make progress during periods of network instability.

## NonFungibleTokensV1
[NonFungibleTokensV1]: #nonfungibletokensv1

| Amendment | NonFungibleTokensV1 |
|:----------|:-----------|
| Amendment ID | 3C43D9A973AA4443EF3FC38E42DD306160FBFFDAB901CD8BAA15D09F2597EB87 |
| Status | Open for Voting |
| Default Vote (Latest stable release) | No |
| Pre-amendment functionality retired? | No |

Adds native support for non-fungible tokens. Standards Draft: [XLS-20d](https://github.com/XRPLF/XRPL-Standards/discussions/46). <!-- SPELLING_IGNORE: xls, 20d -->

> **Warning:** There is a known issue with this amendment that can cause `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` errors to appear in the ledger. The [fixNFTokenDirV1][] amendment fixes these issues and should be enabled first to avoid problems.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Warning:** There is a known issue with this amendment that can cause `tecINVARIANT_FAILED` errors to appear in the ledger. The [fixNFTokenDirV1][] amendment fixes these issues and should be enabled before the NonFungibleTokensV1 amendment to avoid problems.
```
